Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
About GIMS
About GIMS
Global Institute of Management Sciences (GIMS)is aNAAC Accredited,AICTE Approved, andBangalore University Affiliatedinstitution, dedicated to providing quality education at all levels. An ambitious initiative of theD.K.S. Charitable Institute (R), GIMS operates under the guiding motto,“Quality education for all at all levels.”
Situated in the picturesque surroundings of Rajarajeshwari nagar in southeastern Bangalore, GIMS is recognized by theGovernment of Karnatakaand holds approval from theAll India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi, as well as recognition under Section 2(f) of theUGC Act, 1956.
GIMS offers a wide range of programs:
The institution’s pedagogy integrates innovative teaching methods with participatory self-reflection, creating a perfect blend of assertiveness and values to promote sustained growth and academic excellence.
Global Institute of Management Sciences (GIMS)is a NAAC Accredited, AICTE Approved, and Bangalore University Affiliated institution, committed to delivering quality education at all levels. An ambitious initiative of the D.K.S. Charitable Institute®, GIMS functions under the visionary leadership of Sri D. K. Shivakumar, Honourable Deputy Chief Minister of Karnataka. The institution operates with the guiding motto: “Quality education for all at all levels.”
Nestled in the serene and green surroundings of Rajarajeshwari Nagar, in southeastern Bengaluru, GIMS is recognized by the Government of Karnataka, approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi, and enjoys academic recognition under Section 2(f) of the UGC Act, 1956.
GIMS proudly hosts two premier Centres of Excellence (COEs):
Student Life
Clubs, committee and Events
At GIMS, we believe in the holistic development of our students. That’s why we offer a variety of clubs and committees to enhance their skills and provide a platform for creative expression.
Our Campus
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest
The Institute is situated in a beautiful and picturesque area of Rajarajeshwari Nagar on the south eastern part of Bengaluru City. The pollution free and tranquil environemnt provides an ambiencemost suited for pursuing of education in the college. The campus is 9 kms from the City Railway Station, Bus Station. The Institute is spread a 30,000 sq. ft, with good infrastructure, spacious, classrooms supported by labratory. The GIMS Library is equipped with books flooded with Knowledge.
Faculty Details








2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university



