Master of Computer Applications (MCA)
Master of Computer Applications (MCA)
The Department of MCA believes in creating a “want to learn” culture through state-of-the-art infrastructure. We offer the most effective teaching learning methodologies through class room and practical exercises to cultivate an inquisitive mind-set among students. We aim to be the first choice in the state/country among aspiring computer science graduates. The skills and education imparted enables students to utilize new technologies and prepare them for key technology application and decision-making. The learning experience is wholesome, tailored to suit the needs of the industry and individual career development.
The Department of MCA believes in creating a “want to learn” culture through state-of-the-art infrastructure. We offer the most effective teaching learning methodologies through class room and practical exercises to cultivate an inquisitive mind-set among students. We aim to be the first choice in the state/country among aspiring computer science graduates. The skills and education imparted enables students to utilize new technologies and prepare them for key technology application and decision-making. The learning experience is wholesome, tailored to suit the needs of the industry and individual career development.
Create a learning environment to motivate students to build strong technology skills.
Promote value based ethical practices in all facets of learning
Instil Entrepreneurial collaborative thinking through structured interventions and industry participation.
To provide solid foundation on interfacing the external devices to the processor according to the user requirements to create novel products and solutions for the real time problems.
MCA has various Job opportunities in the corporate world such as
Bachelor’s degree in any discipline from a recognized university
Minimum percentage required in bachelor’s degree is 50%.
A valid score in any of the management entrance exams such as PGCET/KMAT/CAT/ XAT/ CMAT/ GMAT/ MAT/ ATMA/ NMAT is a plus etc.,
Documents Required (At the Time of Admission)
Degree Provisional Certificate/Convocation Certificate.
Migration Certificate (for non-Karnataka students).
6 nos. passport size photographs.
Student Bank a/c details (passbook from sheet photocopy).
I hereby declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of ourknowledge.
2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university