Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Message from Principal
Dr Geetha M Rajaram
Greetings from GIMS!
GIMS is in its 24th year of exciting journey. In keeping with our mission centered on academic excellence, our programs are designed to impact a good blend of class room and experiential learning.
Through our comprehensive suite of professional resources and industry specific networking opportunities, we are committed to cultivate leaders who deliver value from day one.
Here the young minds come together while we transform them into a new generation of responsible leaders. Collaborating closely with industry leaders, distinguished faculty and students of diverse experience inspire innovative thinking and entrepreneurial spirit through student’s forum and campus activities.
The guidance of our Board of Trustees represents a diversity of fields and interests. Their support encouragement has motivated us to continue to strive towards excellence.
We invite you to partner in our progress…
Best Regards
Research Areas
Corporate Finance, Strategic Cost Management, Economics, International Financial Management, Derivatives and Stock Markets, Strategic Management.
International Experience
Taught Free Market Economics using Case studies at Mzumbe University, Tanzania.
Curriculum design of International Programs of ACCA, UK for ACCA affiliation.
Curriculum design of International Programs of CIMA, UK for CIMA affiliation.
Skills
Case Based Teaching Methods, Learning Strategies, Active Learning and Blended Learning.
Education
PhD, M.Phil, M.Com (Business Administration), MFM, PGD in Portfolio Management.
Greetings from GIMS!
GIMS is in its 20th year of exciting journey.In keeping with our mission centered on academic excellence, our programs are designed to impact a good blend of class room and experiential learning.Through our comprehensive suite of professional resources and industryspecific networking opportunities,we are committed to cultivate leaders who deliver value from day one.Here the young minds come together while we transform them into a new generation of responsible leaders. Collaborating closely with industry leaders, distinguished faculty and students of diverse experiences inspire innovative thinking and entrepreneurial spirit through student’s forum and campus activities.The guidance of our Board of trustees represents a diversity of fields and interests.Their support and encouragement has motivated us to continue to strive towards excellence.We invite you to partner in our progress.
Best Regards.
Faculty Details








2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university



