Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
DKS Charitable Institute (R)
DKS Charitable Institute (R)
Over the past 24 years, Global Institute of Management Sciences (GIMS), have been able to create an identity of its own and able to place our students in successful positions to have a satisfying and rewarding career. We create challenging environment to work and improve their productivity. We impart quality education to cater to the evolving needs of the students, industries, and the community.
DKS Charitable Institute (R) founded in the year 1999. Under the Chairmanship of Karnataka’s dynamic leader and educationist Sri D. K. Shivakumar, the trust has emerged with a chain of educational institutions. His visionary values are unparalleled in the education field.
Trustees
GIMS (Global Institute of Management Studies) is a distinguished educational institution dedicated to providing quality education and shaping the leaders of tomorrow. With a strong belief in the power of education, GIMS strives to transform young minds by instilling values, fostering innovative thinking, and nurturing an entrepreneurial spirit.
Through our well-designed pedagogy, participatory self-reflections, and a synthesis of assertiveness and values, we aim to empower students with the skills, knowledge, and trust to become responsible, inspired leaders.
Our vision is to create a conducive environment where students receive value-based education, engage in research and development activities, and emerge as socially responsible individuals. With a commitment to excellence and a focus on holistic development, GIMS is dedicated to providing quality education for all at all levels.
Student Life
Clubs, committee and Events
At GIMS, we believe in the holistic development of our students. That’s why we offer a variety of clubs and committees to enhance their skills and provide a platform for creative expression.
Our Campus
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest
The Institute is situated in a beautiful and picturesque area of Rajarajeshwari Nagar on the south eastern part of Bengaluru City. The pollution free and tranquil environemnt provides an ambiencemost suited for pursuing of education in the college. The campus is 9 kms from the City Railway Station, Bus Station. The Institute is spread a 30,000 sq. ft, with good infrastructure, spacious, classrooms supported by labratory. The GIMS Library is equipped with books flooded with Knowledge.
Hostel
In campus hostels are available for the students. Hygienic and wholesome food is prepared at the college canteen.
Laboratory
Labs are fully equipped with the most recent facilities and highly educated Faculty to provide the best experience.
Library
Our libraries are well stocked with the latest books, national and international journals, magazines and periodicals.
Smart Class Room
LED Projectors are installed in all the classrooms for an exquisite smart learning experience.
Cafeteria
Our chefs prepare delectable South Indian and North Indian dishes for an affordable price.
Auditorium
The institute boasts of a huge auditorium, conference hall as well as a separate seminar hall.
Faculty Details








2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university



