Dr Geetha M Rajaram
Principal/Director
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Geetha Rajaram has a strong academic career of more than two decades. Geetha has been recognized as “India’s 20 Pragmatic Women Leaders 2022 in Higher Education” by Academic Insights. She has been shortlisted as the Top 10 Women Leaders in Education, 2023, Trade Flocks. Geetha is professionally trained in Management Pedagogy from IIM Bangalore in Strategic Management. She is trained in Teaching using Simulations by Harvard Business School. She is also trained for Case Method Teaching at IIM Ahmadabad organized by Harvard Business Publishing. She has authored more than 50 articles that have appeared in both National and International journals of repute. Being actively involved in teaching management case studies, her innovative case teaching techniques are recognized and widely appreciated. She also has a case published in the AIMS Journal. Her case study on “PGCIL: Privatization or Disinvestment” has been published at the Management Case Conference, PSG, Coimbatore. She has contributed to many book chapters related to Management Education. Geetha is a regular resource person in MDPs, FDPs and SDPs, with 2 MDPs & 20 FDPs and more than 15 SDPs to her credit. She has been invited as a resource person and panelist at various EdTech Conferences. She is also an adjudicator for PhD thesis of several Universities. She carries certification in Accounting Analytics (Univ. of Pennsylvania) and Design Thinking (Virginia University).

Research Areas
Corporate Finance, Strategic Cost Management, Economics, International Financial Management, Derivatives and Stock Markets, Strategic Management.

International Experience
Taught Free Market Economics using Case studies at Mzumbe University, Tanzania.

Curriculum design of International Programs of ACCA, UK for ACCA affiliation.

Curriculum design of International Programs of CIMA, UK for CIMA affiliation.

Skills
Case Based Teaching Methods, Learning Strategies, Active Learning and Blended Learning.

Education
PhD, M.Phil, M.Com (Business Administration), MFM, PGD in Portfolio Management.
