Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA)
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA)
The curriculum framework for BBA degree is structured keeping in mind the aspirations of students, changing nature of the subject as well as the learning environment. The syllabus under NEP-2020 is expected to enhance the level of understanding among students and maintain the high standards of graduate program offered in the country. Effort has been made to integrate the use of recent technology and MOOCs (Massive open online course) to assist teaching-learning process among students. In a nutshell, the course serves as plethora of opportunities in different fields’ right from accounting, financial markets, marketing, and human resource management.
The curriculum framework for BBA degree is structured keeping in mind the aspirations of students, changing nature of the subject as well as the learning environment. The syllabus under NEP-2020 is expected to enhance the level of understanding among students and maintain the high standards of graduate program offered in the country. Effort has been made to integrate the use of recent technology and MOOCs (Massive open online course) to assist teaching-learning process among students. In a nutshell, the course serves as plethora of opportunities in different fields’ right from accounting, financial markets, marketing, and human resource management.
To develop ethical managers & entrepreneurs with inter disciplinary knowledge.
​To prepare students to take the responsibility of full line of Finance, Marketing & Human Resource function of a company with special reference to SME sector.
​To develop IT enabled global middle level managers, business analysts for companies, capital markets and commodity markets for solving real life business problems.
​To prepare students to take up higher education to become business scientists, researchers’ consultants, and teachers, with core competencies.
On completion of BBA, aspirants generally opt for MBA. Some major job profiles one can opt for after completion of BBA are as follows:
Research and Development (R&D) Manager
A candidate who has passed two years Pre-University Examination conducted by the Pre-University Education Board in the State of Karnataka or any other examination considered to be eligible for admission to this programme.
Documents required (at the time of admission)
Migration Certificate (for non-Karnataka students)
6 nos. passport size photographs
Student Bank a/c details (passbook from sheet photocopy)
I hereby declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of ourknowledge.
2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university