Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Department of Commerce and Management
Overview
Department of Commerce and Management, a dynamic hub where academic rigor meets real-world application. We offer comprehensive undergraduate (B.Com, BBA) and postgraduate (MBA) programs designed not just to educate, but to inspire and transform students into confident, ethical, and industry-ready professionals. Our mission is to cultivate the strategic minds and resilient leaders who will drive the future of business.
Our approach is built on a powerful, three-pronged strategy:
We believe that true learning happens by doing. Our curriculum moves far beyond traditional lectures to immerse students in the practical challenges of the business world. Through a multifaceted approach, you will:
We provide our students with a distinct competitive advantage through globally recognized qualifications and strategic partnerships. Our collaborations include:
Our department is led by a team of highly qualified and experienced faculty, many of whom are published authors in national and international journals. Under the award-winning leadership of our Director, recognized as an“Inspiring Education Hero,”our faculty are committed to academic excellence and student success. They not only teach but actively mentor, fostering a culture of curiosity, critical thinking, and social responsibility that prepares students to lead with integrity
Our Vision
To transform young minds through business education with values, truth, skills and knowledge into responsible and inspired leaders through innovative thinking, entrepreneurial spirit for the business world.
Our Mission
To impart quality and value business education to encourage and support research and development activities in the area of Commerce and Management to create a conducive environment and nurture young minds to be socially responsible young entrepreneur and manager of future.
Program Educational Objectives (PEOS)
Program Specific Outcomes (PSOs) -View Document
Infrastructure
Achievements
Events
Date: 24.08.2023
Organizing body: Department of Commerce and Management
Department of Commerce and Management, GIMS conducted a Case analysis of “PGCIL: Privatization or Disinvestment?” on 24thaugust 2023.
Date: 22.08.2023 & 23.08.2023
Organizing body: Department of Languages
Department of Languages, GIMS organized “GIMS Movie Day- Jana Gana Mana’ on 22ndand 23rdaugust 2023.
Date: 19.08.2023
Organizing body: Department of Commerce and Management
Department of Commerce and Managementcollaboration with Prof. Kavitha N, Department of Computer Applications, GIMS conducted a “Workshop on Project Management Fundamentals” on 19thaugust 2023.
Date: 10.08.2023
Organizing body: Department of Training and Placements
Department of Training and Placements. GIMS conducted a “Placement Drive” on 10thaugust 2023.
Date: 10.06.2023
Organizing body: Department of Training and Placements
Department of Training and Placements. GIMS conducted an Expert talk on “People Management: Hiring a diverse and inclusive team” on 10th june 2023.
Date: 09.06.2023
Organizing body: Department of Commerce and Management
Department of Commerce and Management, GIMS conducted a Workshopon “Design thinking for Business Decisions” on 9thjune 2023.
Date: 25.05.2023
Organizing body: Department of Commerce and Management
Department of Commerce and Management, GIMS organized “Working Business Models” on 25thmay2023.
Date: 03.05.2023
Organizing body: Department of Commerce and Management
Department of Commerce and Management, GIMS conducted a “Seminar on Stock Market for Beginners” on 3rdmay 2023.
Faculty Details
Faculty Details








2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university



