Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Master of Business Administration (MBA)or of Computer Applications (BCA)
The Department of Management Studies and Research Centre at Global institute of Management Sciences offers a master’s program where they can specialise in core subjects like Finance, Marketing and Human Resources. These subjects are taught by well qualified and highly experienced faculty members coupled with guest speakers from the industry. One of the best qualifications that helps in progressive career growth, with varied opportunities in Finance, Marketing, Human Resources, Operations, and many more. Also, MBA graduates, with reasonable years of experience, should be Job Providers rather than Job Seekers.
The Department of Management Studies and Research Centre at Global institute of Management Sciences offers a master’s program where they can specialise in core subjects like Finance, Marketing and Human Resources. These subjects are taught by well qualified and highly experienced faculty members coupled with guest speakers from the industry. One of the best qualifications that helps in progressive career growth, with varied opportunities in Finance, Marketing, Human Resources, Operations, and many more. Also, MBA graduates, with reasonable years of experience, should be Job Providers rather than Job Seekers.
Apply appropriate managerial concepts and strategic techniques for effective decision making.
Emphasize on critical thinking skills to understand, assess, and solve business problems real time
Nurture to be team players and competent leaders in enhancing organisational capabilities
Be life-long learners to improve knowledge and develop competencies for an easy transition into the dynamic world of business.
MBA has various Job opportunities in the corporate world such as
Team Leader in Operation Logistics
Bachelor’s degree in any discipline from a recognized university
Minimum percentage required in bachelor’s degree is 50%.
A valid score in any of the management entrance exams such as PGCET/KMAT/CAT/ XAT/ CMAT/ GMAT/ MAT/ ATMA/ NMAT is a plus etc.,
Documents Required (At the Time of Admission)
Degree Provisional Certificate/Convocation Certificate.
Migration Certificate (for non-Karnataka students).
6 nos. passport size photographs.
Student Bank a/c details (passbook from sheet photocopy).
I hereby declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of ourknowledge.
2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university