Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA)
Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA)
Bachelor of Computer Applications is an undergraduate programme affiliated to Bangalore University. The four years full time course (NEP) is designed to mentor students and with the rapid growth of the IT industry in India. BCA is one of the popular courses among the students who want to make their career in the IT field. It comprises the subjects like Problem Solving Techniques, Data Structure, Database Management System, Computer Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Design and Analysis of Algorithm, Python Programming, Networking and core programming languages like C, C++, HTML and Java. This course provides a lot of opportunities to the students who are interested in the computer field and want to work in the IT sector as programmers or software developers.
Bachelor of Computer Applications is an undergraduate programme affiliated to Bangalore University. The four years full time course (NEP) is designed to mentor students and with the rapid growth of the IT industry in India. BCA is one of the popular courses among the students who want to make their career in the IT field. It comprises the subjects like Problem Solving Techniques, Data Structure, Database Management System, Computer Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Design and Analysis of Algorithm, Python Programming, Networking and core programming languages like C, C++, HTML and Java. This course provides a lot of opportunities to the students who are interested in the computer field and want to work in the IT sector as programmers or software developers.
To provide foundation for understanding the software development process in a defined way according to industrial standards
To introduce the organization of a computer and its components and various paradigms of programming and user interface designing
To provide solid foundation on interfacing the external devices to the processor according to the user requirements to create novel products and solutions for the real time problems
To Understanding Graph representations, Event modelling, spatial and temporal relational data & to design algorithms using machine models in compiler design, text, and image processing.
Bachelor of Computer Applications course imparts students’ knowledge of basic computing skills and software development. It is usually the first step into the world of Information technology. In the current era of technological advancement, digitalization, and an epochal shift to an economy primarily based upon information technology, it is emerging as one of the most popular courses among young students. There are diverse job opportunities for BCA graduates in many sectors. They are as follows:
A candidate who has passed two years Pre-University Examination conducted by the Pre-University Education Board in the State of Karnataka or any other examination considered to be eligible for admission to this programme.
Documents required (at the time of admission)
Migration Certificate (for non-Karnataka students)
6 nos. passport size photographs
Student Bank a/c details (passbook from sheet photocopy)
I hereby declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of ourknowledge.
2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university