Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Message from Chairman
D K Shivakumar
It is with great pleasure and delight that I welcome our students to the Global Institute of Management Sciences. The institution offers a range of highly challenging and intellectually stimulating educational programmes aimed at allowing the students to acquire and develop a wide range of knowledge, skills and competencies. These programmes create a congenial environment for the students to think analytically and critically so as to understand the world in its right perspective. This would certainly enhance their ability to be creative, dynamic and enthusiastic. Their inquisitive quest will be quenched with the suitable inputs provided on a continuous basis.
The students looking out for countless opportunities and a challenging learning experiences within a highly supportive environment make their destination as Global Institution of Management Sciences. We offer a unique combination of practical oriented skill development and rigorous teaching of evidence based research, in addition to state of the art infrastructure. It is aimed at making the students to raise to global standards.
We highly value our partnership with recruiters, alumni and friends of GIMS, Bengaluru and remain committed to making your recruiting experience productive and positive. I invite the recruiting organizations and graduating students to find the best match between their needs and capabilities. I am confident that our students will prove to be long term assets to the organizations where they are absorbed.
Once again I invite you to visit this great institution and recruit emerging Management and Technology graduates towards a long-term relationship for mutual benefit and growth.
With best wishes.
Faculty Details








2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university



