Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Global Institute of Management Sciences
Alumni
Overview
Established in 2018, Alumni Association creates and maintains a life-long connection between the institute and its alumni. In collaboration with an extremely dedicated volunteer Board of Directors, the Alumni Association works to connect alumni, support students and build an unforgettable Institute experience through a diversity of events, programming and services. The mission of the Association is to foster strong bonds between alumni, students and the institute to keep alumni informed, and create a network enabling them to remain engaged with their alma mater and help shape it’s future. The Institute’s alumni are its lasting legacy and strongest voice. Finding new ways to build an engaged membership base is an integral task of the Association. Alumni Association is one of the easiest ways to reconnect, give back to the Institute, and serve as a springboard for further involvement developing an active and engaged alumni network empowers both the Institute and its graduates. Whether our alumni are interacting with the Institute or its student body, attending events, working with the Institute on various Legacy projects or serving as volunteers, their contributions make a difference to the Institutions. The Alumni Association continues to seek innovative ways to serve alumni by providing social, educational, and professional opportunities that appeal to our broad constituency.
Alumni Talk
GIMS Alumni Association organized a placement drive for M.B.A and M.C.A students of the IV Semester. Viswesh Suresh Madhav is one of our distinguished alumni who started his own company named Humanoid. The event aimed to bridge the gap between academia and the corporate world while fostering a strong alumni network. The session gave current students insights into the success story of one of our esteemed alumni and offered placement training for graduating students. The placement drive included a series of interviews, group discussions, and aptitude tests to assess the student’s skills and suitability for the job roles offered. The process was conducted efficiently, allowing students to showcase their abilities and potential to the recruiters.
Alumni Meet
Alumni Testimonials
BE A PART OF OUR ALUMNI
DECLARATION BY THE ALUMNI
I hereby declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of ourknowledge.
Faculty Details








2. Participated in the drama (kakanakote, manteswamy kaathaprasanga, ambedker matthu gandi awardede by banglore university



